README.md, before:

# Project 1 - *FlickApp*

**FlickApp** is a movies app using the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

Time spent: **9** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [X] User can view a list of movies currently playing in theaters. Poster images load asynchronously.
- [X] User can view movie details by tapping on a cell.
- [X] User sees loading state while waiting for the API.
- [X] User sees an error message when there is a network error.
- [X] User can pull to refresh the movie list.

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [X] Add a tab bar for **Now Playing** and **Top Rated** movies.
- [X] Implement gesture control to switch between list view and grid view.
- [X] Add a search bar.
- [X] All images fade in.
- [X] For the large poster, load the low-res image first, switch to high-res when complete.
- [X] Customize the highlight and selection effect of the cell.
- [X] Customize the navigation bar.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [X] Load more data when scroll end.
- [X] Use Autolayout.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='https://i.imgur.com/V9YWx08.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes



## License

    Copyright [Truong Ho Thanh Cong]

Commit message:

fix bug and quick show detail view

README.md, after:

# Project 1 - *FlickApp*

**FlickApp** is a movies app using the [The Movie Database API](http://docs.themoviedb.apiary.io/#).

Time spent: **9** hours spent in total

## User Stories

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [X] User can view a list of movies currently playing in theaters. Poster images load asynchronously.
- [X] User can view movie details by tapping on a cell.
- [X] User sees loading state while waiting for the API.
- [X] User sees an error message when there is a network error.
- [X] User can pull to refresh the movie list.

The following **optional** features are implemented:

- [X] Add a tab bar for **Now Playing** and **Top Rated** movies.
- [X] Implement gesture control to switch between list view and grid view.
- [X] Add a search bar.
- [X] All images fade in.
- [X] For the large poster, load the low-res image first, switch to high-res when complete.
- [X] Customize the highlight and selection effect of the cell.
- [X] Customize the navigation bar.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [X] Load more data when scroll end.
- [X] Quick show detail view when long tap on cell of collection view. Pan to back.
- [X] Use Autolayout.

## Video Walkthrough

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='https://i.imgur.com/V9YWx08.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).

## Notes



## License

    Copyright [Truong Ho Thanh Cong]
